You’re at the Kingdom Hall
about to give a public talk.
Will the audience listen
to what you have to say?
Much depends on how
you introduce your subject.
An effective introduction arouses interest,
identifies your subject,
and shows why the subject
is important to your listeners.
Let’s give our brother
an opportunity to introduce his subject.
As the meeting chairman mentioned,
we’re going to talk about death
and what it means to you and me.
Let’s read a scripture
at Ecclesiastes 9:5.
So, what do you think?
Did the speaker identify his subject?
Yes.
Did he arouse interest?
Not so much.
Did he show why the subject is important?
No.
So how might he approach
the subject differently?
Let’s watch.
Throughout all of human history,
not one person has escaped death.
The lives of some people
are cut short suddenly
by unexpected events or illness.
Have you ever lost a loved one in death?
If so, you know how painful that is.
Yet how can something
that causes so much pain
be a normal, natural part of life?
The Bible is the key
to understanding why we die,
where we go when we die,
and how death will be reversed.
Let’s consider each of those points.
You can apply this principle
to any subject when giving a talk.
But how can you effectively introduce
a subject in the ministry?
Remember, of course,
that in most cases
you’re a complete stranger
to the householder.
Try not to startle the person.
Identify yourself early in the conversation.
To determine what
a person might be interested in,
observe his activities or surroundings.
You might begin by asking a question
or making a brief comment
about those things.
Let’s consider one example.
Hi, my name is Jill.
I’m here to talk
about God’s purpose for the future.
The Bible says here—
Sorry, but I don’t have time to talk.
Was the introduction effective?
The householder didn’t want
to continue the conversation,
so apparently the introduction
didn’t arouse interest.
How might the publisher
have handled the situation better?
Good morning.
You have a beautiful garden.
It must take a lot of work.
It sure does!
Well, your work is certainly paying off.
Thank you.
By the way, my name is Jill,
and this is Tammy.
I’m Emily.
Emily, you work so hard
to care for the garden you planted.
Do you think that God cares the same way
about this planet that he created?
Because the publisher took into account
the interests of the householder,
she increased the chances
of starting a conversation
and sharing the Kingdom message.
This can also be done in urban areas
where people expect you
to get right to the point.
In such settings, try to include
a thought-provoking statement
or question in your introduction.
Effective introductions are the first step
toward productive conversations
and presentations of the good news.